README.md, before:

# R-packages
**Custom packages and functions for R**

These packages are created principally for use by my research group at the [USGS Grand Canyon Monitoring and Research Center](https://gcmrc.gov/), to facilitate common `R` tasks that I (and others) carry out with some regularity.  
  
__Current list of packages:__  
__plots__: Convenience functions for common plotting operations  
__bugR__: Functions for common ecological analyses of invertebrate data  
__foodbase__: Functions for reading and working with Foodbase data  

There is also a `TEST` package and some How-To code that explains how building and installing these packages from GitHub works.  

Note: The `accessR` package does some of the same things as `foodbase`, except for light trap instead of drift data. But it is clunky and now deprecated. It may not even work anymore for all I know, and will be taken down eventually once light trap data imports are enabled in the `foodbase` package.  
  
Improvements, additions, and suggestions are [welcomed](mailto:jmuehlbauer@usgs.gov).  

__Disclaimer:__  
This software is in the public domain because it contains materials that originally came from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), an agency of the United States Department of Interior. For more information, see the official USGS copyright policy at https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright Although this software program has been used by the USGS, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the accuracy and functioning of the program and related program material nor shall the fact of distribution constitute any such warranty, and no responsibility is assumed by the USGS in connection therewith. This software is provided "AS IS."

Commit message:

First real commit of packload.

README.md, after:

# R-packages
**Custom packages and functions for R**

These packages are created principally for use by my research group at the [USGS Grand Canyon Monitoring and Research Center](https://gcmrc.gov/), to facilitate common `R` tasks that I (and others) carry out with some regularity.  
  
__Current list of packages:__  
__plots__: Convenience functions for common plotting operations  
__bugR__: Functions for common ecological analyses of invertebrate data  
__foodbase__: Functions for reading and working with Foodbase data  
__packload__: Function for more easily installing, updating, and loading packages.   

The `packload` function is a sourceable function (not a package) that checks if a package is currently installed on a machine. If not, it installs it (via CRAN or else jmuehlbauer-usgs/R-packages). It also has an 'updater' function to update the packages if requested. Then it loads all packages fed to the function too.

There is also a `TEST` package and some How-To code that explains how building and installing these packages from GitHub works.  

Note: The `accessR` package does some of the same things as `foodbase`, except for light trap instead of drift data. But it is clunky and now deprecated. It may not even work anymore for all I know, and will be taken down eventually once light trap data imports are enabled in the `foodbase` package.  
  
Improvements, additions, and suggestions are [welcomed](mailto:jmuehlbauer@usgs.gov).  

__Disclaimer:__  
This software is in the public domain because it contains materials that originally came from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), an agency of the United States Department of Interior. For more information, see the official USGS copyright policy at https://www.usgs.gov/visual-id/credit_usgs.html#copyright Although this software program has been used by the USGS, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the USGS or the U.S. Government as to the accuracy and functioning of the program and related program material nor shall the fact of distribution constitute any such warranty, and no responsibility is assumed by the USGS in connection therewith. This software is provided "AS IS."
